Feature/zigbee/krknwk 13942 add zigbee multi images (#7594)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Documentation page about :ref:`ug_zigbee_commissioning`.
  * Experimental support for Zigbee Green Power Combo Basic functionality.
  * Zigbee device definition for each Zigbee sample and application.

>   * Support for nRF5340dk (PCA10095) in :ref:`Zigbee light switch sample <zigbee_light_switch_sample>` with :ref:` Zigbee FOTA library <lib_zigbee_fota>` enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Support for nRF5340 DK (PCA10095) in :ref:`Zigbee light switch sample <zigbee_light_switch_sample>` with :ref:` Zigbee FOTA library <lib_zigbee_fota>` enabled.
```

Author: Fixed.

      * Crypto library used for performing software AES ecryption.
        Now, the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_oberon_readme` is used instead of the Tinycrypt library.

  * ref:`lib_zigbee_fota`:

    * Added:

>       * Support for the combined application and network core updates for the nRF5340.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Support for the combined application and network core updates for the nRF5340 DK.
```

Author: Why DK?
The library allows you to upgrade any board with nRF5340.

Author: Fixed

    * Updated:

      * Download logic to use the :ref:`lib_dfu_multi_image` library API and image structure.
      * The image generation script by introducing the subelement structure inside the Zigee OTA image.

>         Enable kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_FOTA_GENERATE_LEGACY_IMAGE_TYPE` to generate images compatible with previous NCS releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_FOTA_GENERATE_LEGACY_IMAGE_TYPE` to generate images compatible with previous NCS releases.
```

Author: Fixed

    * Added:

      * New :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_FOTA_IMAGE_DISOVERY_INTERVAL_HRS` Kconfig option to configure interval between queries for the available Zigbee FOTA images.
      * Support for the combined application and network core updates for the nRF5340 SoC.

    * Updated:

      * Download logic to use the :ref:`lib_dfu_multi_image` library API and image structure.

>       * The image generation script by introducing the subelement structure inside the Zigee OTA image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      * The image generation script by introducing the sub-element structure inside the Zigbee OTA image.
```

Author: Fixed
